docs/data-sources/load_balancer_backend_services.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "st-gcp_load_balancer_backend_services Data Source - st-gcp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source provides the load balancer backend services on Google Cloud.
---

# st-gcp_load_balancer_backend_services (Data Source)

This data source provides the load balancer backend services on Google Cloud.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "st-gcp_load_balancer_backend_services" "def" {
  name = "backend-service-name"

  tags = {
    env = "test"
    app = "crond"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) Name of backend service to be filtered.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags of backend service to be filtered.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) List of queried load balancer backend services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) ID of backend service.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags of backend service.

Commit message:

Add client_config blocks to data source: load_balancer_backend_services. (#2)

docs/data-sources/load_balancer_backend_services.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "st-gcp_load_balancer_backend_services Data Source - st-gcp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source provides the load balancer backend services on Google Cloud.
---

# st-gcp_load_balancer_backend_services (Data Source)

This data source provides the load balancer backend services on Google Cloud.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "st-gcp_load_balancer_backend_services" "def" {
  name = "backend-service-name"

  tags = {
    env = "test"
    app = "crond"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `client_config` (Block, Optional) Config to override default client created in Provider. This block will not be recorded in state file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--client_config))
- `name` (String) Name of backend service to be filtered.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags of backend service to be filtered.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) List of queried load balancer backend services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedblock--client_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `client_config`

Optional:

- `credentials` (String, Sensitive) The credentials of service account in JSON format  Default to use credentials configured in the provider.
- `project` (String) Project Name for Google Cloud API. Default to use project configured in the provider.


<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) ID of backend service.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags of backend service.
