README.md, before:

Terraform Custom Provider for Google Cloud Platform
===================================================

This Terraform custom provider is designed for own use case scenario.

Supported Versions
------------------

| Terraform version | minimum provider version |maxmimum provider version
| ---- | ---- | ----|
| >= 1.3.x	| 0.1.0	| latest |

Requirements
------------

-	[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) 1.3.x
-	[Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) 1.19 (to build the provider plugin)

Local Installation
------------------

1. Run `make install-local-custom-provider` to install the provider under ~/.terraform.d/plugins.

2. The provider source should be change to the path that configured in the *Makefile*:

    ```
    terraform {
      required_providers {
        st-gcp = {
          source = "example.local/myklst/st-gcp"
        }
      }
    }

    provider "st-gcp" {}
    ```

Why Custom Provider
-------------------

This custom provider exists due to some of the resources and data sources in the
official GCP Terraform provider may not fulfill the requirements of some scenario.
The reason behind every resources and data sources are stated as below:

### Data Sources

- **st-gcp_load_balancer_backend_services**

  The load balancer backend services on Google Cloud do not support tagging, therefore
  backend service's description is used as tags with the format
  `TagKey1:TagValue1|TagKey2:TagValue2`, where the character `|` is used as string
  delimiter. Output will also convert description string to map if all are matched.


References
----------

- Terraform website: https://www.terraform.io
- Terraform Plugin Framework: https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/providers-plugin-framework
- GCP official Terraform provider: https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google

Commit message:

Add client_config blocks to data source: load_balancer_backend_services. (#2)

README.md, after:

Terraform Custom Provider for Google Cloud Platform
===================================================

This Terraform custom provider is designed for own use case scenario.

Supported Versions
------------------

| Terraform version | minimum provider version |maxmimum provider version
| ---- | ---- | ----|
| >= 1.3.x	| 0.1.0	| latest |

Requirements
------------

-	[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) 1.3.x
-	[Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) 1.19 (to build the provider plugin)

Local Installation
------------------

1. Run `make install-local-custom-provider` to install the provider under ~/.terraform.d/plugins.

2. The provider source should be change to the path that configured in the *Makefile*:

    ```
    terraform {
      required_providers {
        st-gcp = {
          source = "example.local/myklst/st-gcp"
        }
      }
    }

    provider "st-gcp" {}
    ```

Why Custom Provider
-------------------

This custom provider exists due to some of the resources and data sources in the
official GCP Terraform provider may not fulfill the requirements of some scenario.
The reason behind every resources and data sources are stated as below:

### Data Sources

- **st-gcp_load_balancer_backend_services**

  - The load balancer backend services on Google Cloud do not support tagging, therefore
    backend service's description is used as tags with the format
    `TagKey1:TagValue1|TagKey2:TagValue2`, where the character `|` is used as string
    delimiter. Output will also convert description string to map if all are matched.

  - Added client_config block to allow overriding the Provider configuration.

References
----------

- Terraform website: https://www.terraform.io
- Terraform Plugin Framework: https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/providers-plugin-framework
- GCP official Terraform provider: https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google
